-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going to implement another
important Ingress concept called 'Name-based Virtual Host'
our Host header based Routing.
And we are going to implement this concept
on AWS Application Load Balancer.
So let's understand the network design further, same thing.
As usual, we are going to use our three applications,
AppOne, AppTwo and AppThree.
So there three Kubernetes deployments
and NodePort services are going to be
as is and in the Ingress is the core thing.
Inside Ingress we are going to make the changes
forever, rules. So we are going to define rules
with Host header based routing.
So we are going to define two rules.
One is AppOne.stacksimplify.com
which means when host equal to AppOnestacksimplify.com.
Route the request to 'AppOne NodePort service'.
From there, it'll go to that respective pod.
And when the host equal to AppTwo.stacksimplify.com
go to 'AppTwo NodePort service'.
And from there it will go to 'Equivalent AppTwo port'.
And for default to '.stacksimplifi.com'.
And this is not a rule.
So this is directly will define this related
to default backend with external DNS related annotation
and anything you access with default '.stacksimplify.com'.
So it will go to 'AppThree NodePort service'
and from there it will go to
AppThree deployment related port.
So now, next thing here is whenever you deploy
this Ingress resource, right?
So when you define these host rules
AppOne.stacksimplify.com AppTwo.stacksimplify.com
and whenever you deploy these Ingress rules and already
if you have the external DNS related ports running
in your EKS cluster.
So then it is going to DNS list those domain names
whatever you have specified in host also.
In addition to whatever you have specified
in your external DNS related annotation.
So which means in the host rules also you have
specified AppOne.stickssimplify.com
and AppTwo.stacksimplify.com.
So these two also will get DNS listed in your Route 53
using external DNS and whenever user accesses
AppOne.stacksimplify.com/AppOne/index.html.
So the request will come to our Ingress and then go
to the AppOne NodePort service and that respective port.
In same line whenever user accesses AppTwo.
So it comes to AppTwo, AppTwo related rule
Ingress load balancer.
And from there it will go to AppTwo NodePort service
and reach the AppTwo related engineer port.
And whenever user accesses with default '.stacksimplify.com'
So request will go to the default backend.
So this is called the Host header based routing
or Name-based Virtual Host routing in Ingress.
And let's see the templates, how it is going to look for us.
So these are the rules, whatever we have discussed so far.
So earlier, the rules used to start
with http and under http you used to have parts
and you can define multiple parts.
That is called Context Path based routing
and for Host header based routing.
So it will start with the host
and you'll define your host whatever you want.
Here we have defined AppOne01.stacksimplify.com.
And under that with the root context
whatever comes go to AppOne NGINX NodePort service.
So request with AppOne01.stacksimplify.com
will go to AppOne NodePort serve.
And in same line for the request
with AppTwo01.stacksimplify.com, right?
It goes to AppTwo NGINX NodePort service.
So these two are the rules we are going to have
with this Name-based Virtual Host routing.
And in addition to that
for the default backend you are seeing here, right?
So for the default backend we can directly
use our external DNS related annotation wherein
with the default 101.stacksimplify.com
goes to our default backend
which is AppThree NodePort service.
So this completes the introductory part
of Kubernetes Ingress Name-based Virtual Host routing
or Host header routing.
In our next lecture, we are going to go ahead
and then practically implement this use case.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.